Англи :

David has several containers, each with a number of balls in it. 
He has just enough containers to sort each type of ball he has into its own container. 
David wants to sort the balls using his sort method.

David wants to perform some number of swap operations such that:

Each container contains only balls of the same type.
No two balls of the same type are located in different containers.

Example

containers =[[1,4],[2,3]]

David has n=2 containers and 2 different types of balls, both of which are numbered from 0 to n-1=1. 
The distribution of ball types per container are shown in the following diagram.

In a single operation, David can swap two balls located in different containers.

The diagram below depicts a single swap operation:

In this case, there is no way to have all green balls in one container and 
all red in the other using only swap operations. Return Impossible.

You must perform q queries where each query is in the form of a matrix, M. 
For each query, print Possible on a new line if David can satisfy the conditions above for the given matrix. 
Otherwise, print Impossible.

Function Description

Complete the organizingContainers function in the editor below.

organizingContainers has the following parameter(s):

int containter[n][m]: a two dimensional array of integers that represent the number of balls of each color in each container.

Монгол :

Дэвид хэд хэдэн савтай бөгөөд дотор нь хэд хэдэн бөмбөг байдаг. 
Түүнд өөрт байгаа бөмбөгний төрөл бүрийг өөрийн саванд ангилах хангалттай сав бий. 
Дэвид өөрийн ангилах аргыг ашиглан бөмбөгийг ангилахыг хүсч байна.

Дэвид хэд хэдэн солих үйлдлийг гүйцэтгэхийг хүсч байна, тухайлбал:

Сав бүр нь зөвхөн ижил төрлийн бөмбөг агуулдаг.
Нэг төрлийн хоёр бөмбөг өөр өөр саванд байрладаггүй.

Жишээ

сав =[[1,4],[2,3]]

Дэвид n=2 сав, 2 өөр төрлийн бөмбөгтэй бөгөөд хоёулаа 0-ээс n-1=1 хүртэл дугаарлагдсан. 
Нэг саванд ногдох бөмбөгний төрлүүдийн тархалтыг дараах диаграммд үзүүлэв.

Нэг удаагийн үйлдлээр Дэвид өөр өөр саванд байрлах хоёр бөмбөгийг сольж чаддаг.

Доорх диаграмм нь нэг солих үйлдлийг дүрсэлсэн болно.

Энэ тохиолдолд бүх ногоон бөмбөгийг нэг саванд хийх боломжгүй юм 
бусад нь зөвхөн своп үйлдлүүдийг ашиглан бүх улаан. Буцах боломжгүй.

Асуулга бүр нь M матриц хэлбэртэй байгаа тохиолдолд та q асуулга хийх ёстой. 
Хэрэв Дэвид өгөгдсөн матрицын дээрх нөхцлийг хангаж чадвал асуулга бүрийн хувьд Боломжтой гэснийг шинэ мөрөнд хэвлэнэ үү. 
Үгүй бол боломжгүй гэж хэвлэ.

Функцийн тодорхойлолт

Доорх засварлагчийн Containers зохион байгуулах функцийг гүйцээнэ үү.

OrganizingContainers нь дараах параметртэй байна:

int containter[n][m]: сав тус бүрийн өнгө бүрийн бөмбөгний тоог илэрхийлэх бүхэл тоонуудын хоёр хэмжээст массив.
