Англи :
Consider a matrix where each cell contains either a 0 or a 1. Any cell containing a 1 is called a filled cell. 
Two cells are said to be connected if they are adjacent to each other horizontally, vertically, or diagonally. 
In the following grid, all cells marked X are connected to the cell marked Y.

XXX
XYX  
XXX    
If one or more filled cells are also connected, they form a region. Note that each cell in a region is 
connected to zero or more cells in the region but is not necessarily directly connected to all the other cells in the region.

Given an nxm matrix, find and print the number of cells in the largest region in the matrix. Note that there may be more than one region in the matrix.

For example, there are two regions in the following 3x3 matrix. The larger region at the top 
left contains 3 cells. The smaller one at the bottom right contains 1.

110
100
001
Function Description

Complete the connectedCell function in the editor below.

connectedCell has the following parameter(s):
- int matrix[n][m]: matrix[i] represents the i row of the matrix

Returns
- int: the area of the largest region

Input Format

The first line contains an integer , the number of rows in the matrix.
The second line contains an integer , the number of columns in the matrix.
Each of the next  lines contains  space-separated integers .

Constraints
0 < n,b < 10
Монгол :
Нүд бүр 0 эсвэл 1-ийн аль нэгийг агуулсан матрицыг авч үзье. 1-тэй нүдийг дүүргэсэн нүд гэж нэрлэдэг. 
Хоёр нүд нь хэвтээ, босоо, диагональ зэрэгтэй зэрэгцэн оршдог бол холбогдсон гэж нэрлэдэг. 
Дараах сүлжээнд X тэмдэглэгдсэн бүх нүднүүд Y тэмдэглэгдсэн нүдтэй холбогдсон байна.

XXX
XYX  
XXX    
Хэрэв нэг буюу хэд хэдэн дүүрсэн нүд холбогдсон бол тэдгээр нь бүсийг үүсгэдэг. Тухайн бүс дэх нүд бүр байна гэдгийг анхаарна уу 
бүс дэх тэг буюу түүнээс дээш нүдтэй холбогдсон боловч тухайн бүсийн бусад бүх нүдтэй шууд холбогдох албагүй.

nxm матриц өгөгдсөн бол матрицын хамгийн том муж дахь нүдний тоог олж хэвлэнэ үү. Матрицад нэгээс олон бүс байж болохыг анхаарна уу.

Жишээлбэл, дараах 3х3 матрицад хоёр муж байна. Дээд талд байгаа том бүс 
зүүн талд 3 нүд байна. Баруун доод талд байгаа жижиг нь 1-г агуулна.

110
100
001
Функцийн тодорхойлолт

Доорх засварлагчийн connectCell функцийг гүйцээнэ үү.

connectCell нь дараах параметртэй байна:
- int матриц[n][m]: матриц[i] нь матрицын i мөрийг илэрхийлнэ.

Буцах
- int: хамгийн том бүс нутгийн талбай

Оролтын формат

Эхний мөрөнд бүхэл тоо, матриц дахь мөрийн тоог агуулна.
Хоёр дахь мөрөнд матриц дахь баганын тоо бүхий бүхэл тоо байна.
Дараагийн мөр бүр нь зайгаар тусгаарлагдсан бүхэл тоонуудыг агуулна.
Хяазгаар
0 < n,b < 10
