Англи :
Ron and Hermione are deep in the Forbidden Forest collecting potion ingredients, and they've managed to lose their way. 
The path out of the forest is blocked, so they must make their way to a portkey that will transport them back to Hogwarts.

Consider the forest as an NxM grid. Each cell is either empty (represented by .) or blocked by a tree (represented by X). 
Ron and Hermione can move (together inside a single cell) LEFT, RIGHT, UP, and DOWN through empty cells, but they cannot travel through a tree cell. 
Their starting cell is marked with the character M, and the cell with the portkey is marked with a . The upper-left corner is indexed as (0,0).

.X.X......X
.X*.X.XXX.X
.XX.X.XM...
......XXXX.
In example above, Ron and Hermione are located at index (2,7) and the portkey is at (1,2). Each cell is indexed according to Matrix Conventions.

Hermione decides it's time to find the portkey and leave. They start along the path and each time they have to choose a direction, 
she waves her wand and it points to the correct direction. Ron is betting that she will have to wave her wand exactly K times. Can you determine if Ron's guesses are correct?

The map from above has been redrawn with the path indicated as a series where M is the starting point (no decision in this case), 
1 indicates a decision point and 0 is just a step on the path:

.X.X.10000X
.X*0X0XXX0X
.XX0X0XM01.
...100XXXX.
There are three instances marked with  where Hermione must use her wand.

Note: It is guaranteed that there is only one path from the starting location to the portkey.

Function Description

Complete the countLuck function in the editor below. It should return a string, either  if Ron is correct or  if he is not.

countLuck has the following parameters:

matrix: a list of strings, each one represents a row of the matrix
k: an integer that represents Ron's guess
Input Format

The first line contains an integer t, the number of test cases.
Each test case is described as follows:
The first line contains 2 space-separated integers n and m, the number of forest matrix rows and columns.
Each of the next  lines contains a string of length m describing a row of the forest matrix.
The last line contains an integer k, Ron's guess as to how many times Hermione will wave her wand.

Constraints
1=<t=<10
1=<n,m=<100
0=<k=<10000
There will be exactly one M and one  in the forest.
Exactly one path exists between M and .

Монгол :
Рон Гермиона хоёр хориотой ойн гүнд эмийн орц цуглуулж байгаа бөгөөд тэд замаа алдаж чадлаа. 
Ойгоос гарах зам хаагдсан тул тэднийг Хогвартс руу буцаах портын түлхүүр рүү явах ёстой.

Ойг NxM сүлжээ гэж үзье. Нүд бүр хоосон (.-ээр төлөөлдөг) эсвэл модоор (X-ээр төлөөлдөг) хаагдсан байна. 
Рон, Гермиона хоёр хоосон нүднүүдийн дундуур ЗҮҮН, БАРУУН, ДЭЭШ, ДООШ (нэг үүр дотор хамтдаа) хөдөлж чаддаг ч модны нүдээр дамжин явж чадахгүй. 
Тэдний эхлэлийн нүдийг M тэмдэгтээр, порт товчлууртай нүдийг тэмдэгтээр тэмдэглэсэн байна. Зүүн дээд буланг (0,0) гэж индексжүүлсэн.

.X.X......X
.X*.X.XXX.X
.XX.X.XM...
......ХХХХ.
Дээрх жишээнд Рон, Гермиона нар (2,7) индекс, порт түлхүүр нь (1,2) дээр байрладаг. Нүд бүрийг матрицын конвенцийн дагуу индексжүүлдэг.

Гермиона түлхүүрээ олоод явах цаг болсон гэж шийдэв. Тэд зам дагуу эхэлж, чиглэлээ сонгох бүртээ, 
тэр саваагаа даллахад энэ нь зөв чиглэлийг зааж байна. Рон саваагаа яг К удаа даллах хэрэгтэй болно гэж бооцоо тавьж байна. 
Та Роны таамаг зөв эсэхийг тодорхойлж чадах уу?

Дээрх газрын зургийг M нь эхлэлийн цэг болох цуваа байдлаар харуулсан замыг дахин зурсан (энэ тохиолдолд шийдвэр байхгүй), 
1 нь шийдвэр гаргах цэгийг зааж, 0 нь зам дээрх алхам юм.
.X.X.10000X
.X*0X0XXX0X
.XX0X0XM01.
...100XXXX.
Гермиона саваагаа ашиглах ёстой гурван тохиолдол байдаг.

Тайлбар: Эхлэх байршлаас портын товчлуур хүртэлх ганц зам байх нь баталгаатай.

Функцийн тодорхойлолт

Доорх засварлагчийн countLuck функцийг гүйцээнэ үү. Энэ нь Роны зөв эсвэл буруу бол мөрийг буцаах ёстой.

countLuck нь дараах параметрүүдийг агуулна.

матриц: мөрүүдийн жагсаалт, тус бүр нь матрицын мөрийг төлөөлдөг
k: Роны таамаглалыг илэрхийлэх бүхэл тоо
Оролтын формат

Эхний мөрөнд туршилтын тохиолдлын тоо t бүхэл тоо байна.
Туршилтын тохиолдол бүрийг дараах байдлаар тайлбарлав.
Эхний мөрөнд зайгаар тусгаарлагдсан 2 бүхэл тоо n ба m, ойн матрицын мөр, баганын тоог агуулна.
Дараагийн мөр бүр нь ойн матрицын мөрийг дүрсэлсэн m урттай мөрийг агуулна.
Сүүлийн мөрөнд Гермиона саваагаа хэдэн удаа даллахыг Роны таамагласан бүхэл k тоо байна.

Хязгаарлалт
1=<t=<10
1=<n,m=<100
0=<k=<10000
Ойд яг нэг М, нэг байх болно.
М ба хоёрын хооронд яг нэг зам бий.
